Kite: Little brother,
there's been a complication.
A kid named YUMA has partnered
up with the envoy from astral
world. Like me, they've
been gathering numbers.
but I promise you, I
will take care of them.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
YUMA: Gaaah!
Late!
KARI: Hang on a second, yuma.
I don't have a second!
I'm gonna be way late!
The clothes you dumped on the
floor when you came home
last night smelled
like smoked fish.
And this morning, I read
there was an explosion at a
warehouse down in the
pier district. You weren't
down there last
night, were you?
Of course I wasn't.
Can I please go to school now?
I don't wanna be late.
They're saying it was
an electrical fire,
but this has cover up
written all over it.
Heartland enterprises owns that
building and big media, so...
wow that's really cool,
gotta go, catch ya' later!
Uh, yuma?
Litterbots: Trash identified.
Trash identified.
Astral: Your sister
is quite intuitive.
She will eventually find out
what you are involved in.
What matters to me is
that my key is safe, and
we got shark's soul back!
Oh, and I'm glad
you're okay too.
I must admit, I am
still feeling a bit shaken.
The fact that Kite has
the power to enter your
key is most concerning.
Yeah, he's full of surprises.
It's like every time I think
I'm starting to figure him out,
he throws a curve ball.
Who is he?
Race ya!
We're clearly still in the dark
when it comes to who Kite is.
But we did learn something
new during that last duel.
He cannot be controlled by
the power of the number cards.
Up until now, the duelists we
have faced who were using number
cards were being
controlled by the cards.
The numbers had taken them
over, and were making them act
strangely, or
against their wills.
But that does not seem
to be the case with Kite.
He seems to be
perfectly in control.
It is very possible that Kite is
in possession of a power that is
not of this world.
Whoa, what kind of power?
I do not know.
But the galaxy-Eyes photon
Dragon that he uses, the light
that lives inside that monster
triggers a strange feeling
inside me, it makes me wonder if
that Dragon comes
from a different world.
It might help if we
knew how collecting
number cards helps him.
How are your memories supposed
to save his little brother?
Perhaps they
cannot save him.
Perhaps This is
just about stopping me.
Stopping you?
Suppose that upon regaining
my memories, I will discover
something that
threatens his plans.
We do not know what
situation his brother is in.
What if me regaining
my memories is what puts his
little brother in danger?
So you're saying, Kite gathering
the numbers might not be about
making something happen, it
might be about making sure that
something doesn't happen.
Agh, what am I doing?
I'm late!
What's up, Tori?
Tori: We're late,
that's what's up!
[Bell rings]
man!
They make these
classes too early.
Ya know, this is
your fault, yuma.
With everything that happened
last night at the warehouse, the
duel, the explosion,
I was up half the
night worrying about you.
Because of that, I
slept through my alarm!
And by you, I
mean both of you.
I was really worried
about astral too!
Hey, you hear that, astral?
Because of you two,
I'm gonna get detention.
It's gonna be
okay, I promise.
Well, I'm just glad
you're okay now, astral.
He's over here, actually.
Whatever!
He can hear me, right?
Bronk: Yuma, Tori!
Hey, guys. Welcome
to the tardiness club!
Oh man, that warehouse last
night Sure was dangerous!
I was shakin' so much when
I got home, I couldn't sleep.
Caswell: Neither could I.
But in the end, I'm glad we
were able to be there for you.
Heh!
Thanks for yesterday, you guys.
Cathy: You're welcome.
Didn't see ya' there!
It's okay.
No one ever does.
Oh sorry, cat.
Flip: Heard you had
an adventure yesterday!
TOGETHER: Flip!
And why wasn't I invited?
It's not like we
planned it or anything.
[bell rings]
that's the second bell.
We've gotta go!
I can't miss history again!
What's this?
Uh, guys?
Wha?
What's goin' on?
Ehh...
why aren't they moving?
Because, time seems
to have stopped.
Is this Kite's doing?
No, this is something else.
Mr. Heartland: Dr. Faker,
what's going on?
Dr FAKER: Two electromagnetic
surges, one from astral world,
one from another world,
collided right on top of earth.
Because of the energy generated
in that collision, time has
temporarily stopped.
How can time just stop?
These things happen, heartland.
In a matter of hours, the
collisional aftershocks will
ripple away and everything
will return to normal.
But there can be no mistake that
the two worlds are drawing
closer to one another.
We're running out of time, we
must deal with astral world.
Yuma, look!
This can't be happening.
Why are there three
suns in the sky?
Uh... this day is getting
freakier and freakier.
I know one of those suns.
I believe it shines on my world.
I hope you're right
about this, orbital 7.
This could prove most useful.
Now you're sure This
is where they met?
Orbital 7: I am!
Every action they've taken
leaves a footprint on the fabric
of time and space. With this
unexpected phenomena occurring,
we can now see those footprints!
Their journey together
started right here.
Yuma was dueling a
young human male named shark.
Shark: Did you really think you
could beat me, the best of the
best, and win
bronk's deck back?
yeah, I kinda did.
I guess I was wrong.
Face it, yuma!
I stomped your
little key to pieces,
and now I'm gonna stomp you!
That's where
you're wrong, shark.
Caus en you're feeling the
flow, there's no going back!
And speaking of
feelin' the flow,
I so am!
number: Yes shark,
let the number take hold.
I overlay level 3,
big jaws and kraken!
Number 17,
leviathan Dragon,
attack with Shock Stream blast!
Rise.
Rise up!
Who, who are you?
At last, the stage is set.
For what?
Teamwork.
Overlay level 4 gagaga
magician and ganbara Knight.
Hang on a sec.
Is this what I think?
Look at your deck, yuma.
Whoa,
it looks like an xyz monster.
But I can't quite
make out which one.
I can.
Its number 39: Utopia.
Now go, utopia!
Attack leviathan Dragon
with rising Sun slash!
What's going on with you?
Are you okay, astral?
My head. I have never
felt like this before!
Someone is trying to get into
my head, and access my memories.
Yuma, we need to revisit
the places we have dueled.
But...
astral, wait,
come back!
the echoes of another duel Are
coming from inside that tower.
Mr. Kay: It's over, yuma.
I overlay crashbug
x, y and z.
With these three monsters,
I build the overlay network!
Here comes number 34!
Terror-Byte!
Do your stuff,
leviathan Dragon!
Attack With Shock Stream blast!
And now utopia's
gonna bring it home!
Direct attack!
Rising Sun slash!
There you are.
You've never just taken
off like that before.
It must be because of this
cosmic occurrence that I am now
able to move away from you.
Oh, so what are we
looking for exactly?
You mean what is
he looking for?
Wait, astral!
Stop flying off like that.
Wait a minute, This is
where we dueled against flip.
Correct.
He was able to
seize our numbers.
And as a result, my connection
to you was severed. It became up
to you to win the duel.
I remember,
you told me I had to protect
baby tiragon no matter what, so
I did, and that allowed me to
flip things around on flip and
get utopia and leviathan Dragon
back!
No please, you
can't do this to me!
Yeah!
Welcome home, you two!
Knowing who astral and yuma are
will help me defeat them.
I wonder what details
this soundstage will reveal.
Nelson has started thinking
that he's actually the Sparrow.
Sparrow: Yuma, I didn't want it
to come to this. Alas, if you're
with the dark emperor,
then I have no choice
but to battle you!
Together: Let's duel!
I xyz summon!
Kneel Before number
83 - Galaxy queen!
I have journeyed through time
and space to fight the forces of
evil and restore
justice to the galaxy!
Get ready Sparrow!
Cause so feeling the flow!
Utopia, attack galaxy queen!
Go Rising sun slash!
Not so fast, yuma.
I activate the trap
card 'star Sparrow forever!'
what is it?
Is it a counter card?
This card allows me to bring
star Sparrow out of my graveyard
with zero attack points!
And like he always does,
Sparrow jumps in to protect
those being attacked!
Yuma, do you recall the
duel we lost with shark?
Yeah.
I was trying to get him
to stop hanging out with
scorch and chills.
That is right.
After that, we came here on the
night they were planning to
break into the museum.
Then shark had an
unexpected change of heart,
and allied with us.
Together: Let's duel!
Scorch: I summon number 61,
volcasaurus!
Say hello to a world of hurt!
Chills: Your number
card's as good as ours.
Black ray lancer,
attack volcasaurus!
Your partner's outta the
picture and you've got no
monsters to hide behind.
I think it's safe to
say that you're about to
get officially yuma-Ed!
Cause by sending utopia
to the graveyard,
black ray lancer can charge in
again and attack you directly!
Arghh... No way!
Go Shimmering Spear slash!
And then after that duel, a few
days later, that was when we
first dueled Kite right here.
Yes, and we were
far from prepared.
That's one way to put it.
He wiped the floor with us.
Now, galaxy-Eyes,
let him have it.
Photon stream of destruction!
Even though Only a number
can destroy a number,
you're still gonna take damage!
Next I'm gonna play this -
The spell card 'photon wind!'
and it will be knocking
the wind out of you.
Because when I deal damage
without destroying your monster,
you take an additional
1000 points of damage!
And that's not all my
photon wind lets me do.
Now, I get to draw a card!
And then I'll place one...
facedown!
And with that, I'll end my turn.
Astral...
as your life points diminish,
my life force does with it.
I have you right in
the Palm of my hand.
Can you feel the crush
of defeat closing in?
Go photon stream of...
incoming message.
Master Kite!
We'll finish this later.
But now,
I must leave!
Good thing he stopped the duel
before we lost everything.
Our numbers, you, and
you know, my soul.
We got really down on
Ourselves after that.
Luckily, grandma sent me to
see her friend master roku.
Using the lessons he taught me
against his former student kaze,
helped me feel the flow again!
TOGETHER: Let's duel!
I xyz summon - Number 12!
Crimson Shadow armor ninja!
I'm toast.
Yuma, do not let your
doubt overtake you.
Remember that you
are not alone.
You have got your
friends with you.
I understand that when
your back is to the wall,
you may feel outnumbered.
But you are not.
When you have friends,
you are never alone.
You're right, astral.
No matter what we're up against,
we're all in it together!
It's time to take a
stand with my friends and
kick some ninja Butt!
Utopia, take out
crimson shadow armor ninja!
This can't be!
And then when master roku gave
us the sanctuary's legendary
deck, not only was I back in
action, I was able to
step up my game!
And just in time.
Cause that's when that freaky
fortuneteller forced me to duel
to save my friends!
Fortuno: I xyz summon,
number 16, shock master!
this feeling I have, this
trembling in my spirit,
I think I now understand
what it means to be afraid.
you have to surrender your
number card yuma, in order to
save your friends, you have to.
There's gotta be
another way, astral!
There is not.
My friends Have always been
there when I needed them,
good times and
bad times, ups and downs,
through thick and thin,
I'm not just gonna
ditch my friends.
I know.
That is why I
am saying you...
you still don't
get it, do you?
I said, I won't abandon any
of my friends, astral, and
you're my friend!
Whoa!
Yuma, win this.
You got it, pal!
The path has been made!
Path?
For what?
For this. Chaos number 39.
By combining utopia with it's
overlay units, utopia can
further evolve itself.
The time is now, yuma.
Together: Go
chaos xyz evolution!
Get ready for chaos number 39!
I give you - Utopia ray!
Do it, utopia ray!
Attack Big eye!
Rising Sun chaos slash!
Our efforts to learn more about
astral and yuma by Tracing
their memories have led us here.
This is the location of their
most recent memory dealing
with a number.
Well that's what you
get for grabbing at me.
What is happening?
Astral!
Number 96...
it is trying to
take control of me!
What do you mean "trying
to take control of you"?
number 96: He means that when
you dropped your key, you
allowed me to escape.
And now that I am free,
I can take control of your
dear friend, astral.
Onto step two,
acquiring number 39: Utopia!
Hey tall, dark and creepy,
if ya want this number so bad,
beat me in a duel!
Next I am overlaying these
three level 2's in order
to build the overlay network and
xyz summon... a copy of myself,
number 96: Dark mist!
I won't give up,
just like yuma never has!
Go Rising sun slash!
No way... I... I lost?
Impossible!
Where are we now?
I knew he was the one
tracking our memories.
Guys!
What happened,
are you okay?
Totally meant to do that.
Hey uh, where is yuma?
We'll settle things at
the world duel carnival.
I'm looking
forward to it, Kite.